Mention devicePixelRatio affected by page zoom (#38183)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/devicepixelratio/index.md

terms, this tells the browser how many of the screen's actual pixels should be used to
draw a single CSS pixel.

> Page zooming affects the value of `devicePixelRatio`. When a page is zoomed in (made larger), the size of a CSS pixel increases, and so the `devicePixelRatio` value increases. However, pinch-zooming does not affect `devicePixelRatio`.

Reviewer: Why doesn't pinch zooming affect the ratio? Is it because the size of the CSS pixel does not change? If so, something like
(note, I can't visualize how this might be true, but I'd like to understand)

```suggestion
Page zooming affects the value of `devicePixelRatio`. When a page is zoomed in (made larger), the size of a CSS pixel increases, and so the `devicePixelRatio` value increases. Note that pinch-zooming does not affect `devicePixelRatio` as this magnifies the image without changing the size of a CSS pixel.
```

Also, the linked issue says 

> Technically, the window.devicePixelRatio value also includes scaling of the window itself, i.e. page zoom (at least on Chrome and Firefox on Mac, but not on Safari desktop...), while screen.devicePixelRatio does not.

Does there need to be a comment on `screen.devicePixelRatio`, which I presume is https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ScreenDetailed/devicePixelRatio ?

Author: > Does there need to be a comment on `screen.devicePixelRatio`, which I presume is https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ScreenDetailed/devicePixelRatio ?

There already is.

Reviewer: Sorry, I don't see that. What am I missing?

Author: Uhhh this one?

> This is the same as the value returned by [Window.devicePixelRatio](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/devicePixelRatio), except that Window.devicePixelRatio:
>
> - always returns the device pixel ratio for the [current screen](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ScreenDetails/currentScreen).
> - also includes scaling of the window itself, i.e. page zoom (at least on some browser implementations).

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant a comment about https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ScreenDetailed/devicePixelRatio in this doc. 

I guess the answer is no.
